You go to the press conference.
Ladies and gentlemen, Mrs. Zhou and Mrs. Li can invest 200 million in me today
Thanks to my gold medal business Zhang Meicha
Meicha is very busy every day for the company
Everyone has lost weight
To thank him for his efforts
I have prepared a special gift
Wow. Wow.
Together together
Together together good
Not only that
To facilitate work
What about milk tea? You will also live in our villa.
Thank you, brother providence.
But if Sister Rain knew
Won't be angry?
What's the matter with the other woman living in your wedding room?
Mr. Bai, do you know?
Now people outside say that Zhang Meicha is the good inner helper
And you are bald
Xiaoqiang
You go back first
I'll ask him myself
Sister, in fact, I don't want those things either.
But Tianyi Gege insists on sending me
You are a small business
You don't deserve to confront me directly
Chen Tianyi
Oh sister, why are you hitting me?